Add details on reinstallting a new proxy and switching to salt managed (#750)
uyuni-project/uyuni-docs: modules/installation/pages/proxy-registration.adoc

{productname} Proxy systems are registered as Salt or traditional clients using a bootstrap script.

> Migrating a traditionally registered Proxy system to a Salt Proxy system is not possible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Migrating a traditional proxy to a Salt proxy is not possible.
```

> Re-install the Proxy if you want to switch to Salt. Do not remove the old proxy from the list of
> registered systems and use the same activation key when reinstalling, so that you won't need to
> re-register the clients.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Re-install the proxy if you want to switch to Salt.
When re-registering a proxy, do not remove the old proxy from the list of registered systems, and ensure you use the same activation key, to avoid having to re-register the clients.
```

I think this needs a whole lot more than these two sentences, but it's a start :woman_shrugging:
